and Elijah the Tishbite of the
inhabitants of Gilead said to Ahab as
the Lord God of Israel lives before whom
I stand there shall not be do nor rain
these years accepted my word then the
word of the Lord came to him get away
from here and turn eastward and hide by
the brook tirith which flows into the
Jordan and it will be that you shall
drink from the brook and I have
commanded the Ravens to feed you there
so he went and did according to the word
of the law for he went and stayed by the
brook Tirith which flows into the job
the raven has brought him bread and meat
in the morning and bread and meat in the
evening and he drank from the brook and
it happened after a while that the brook
dried up because there had been no rain
in the land then the word of the Lord
came to him
arise go to Zarephath which belongs to
Sidon and dwell there see I have
commanded a widow there to provide for
you so he rose went to Zarephath and
when he came to the gate of the city
indeed a widow was there gathering
sticks and he called to her please bring
me a little water in a cup I may drink
and as she was going to get it he called
to her please bring me a morsel of bread
in your hand as the Lord your God lives
I do not have bread only a handful of
flour in a bin and a little oil in a jar
and see I am gathering a couple of
sticks but I may go in and prepare it
for myself and my son that we may eat it
do not fear go and do was you upset but
make me a small cake from it first and
bring it to me and afterward make some
for yourself and your son for thus says
the Lord God of Israel then a flower
shall not be used up nor show the jar of
oil run dry until the day the Lord sends
rain on the earth
so she went away and did according to
the word of Elijah and she and he and
her household ate for many days the bin
of flour was not used up nor did the jar
of oil run dry according to the word of
the Lord which he spoke by Elijah now it
happened after these things that the son
of the woman who owned the house became
sick and his sickness was so serious
that there was no breath left in him so
she said to Elijah have you come to me
to bring my sin to remembrance and to
kill my son give me your son so he took
him out of her arms and carried him to
the upper room where he was staying and
laid him on his own bed then he cried
out to the Lord O Lord my god
have you also brought tragedy on the
widow with whom I loved her killing her
son and he stretched himself out on the
child three times and cried out to the
Lord my god
let this child saw combat him then the
Lord heard the voice of Elijah and the
soul of the child came back to him and
he revived and Elijah took the child and
brought him down from the Upper Room
into the house and gave him to his
mother see your son lives know by this I
know that you are a man of God and that
the word of the Lord in your mouth is
the truth
[Music]